docs: Add warning when adding Narwhals with extras (#3658)
narwhals-dev/narwhals: docs/installation.md

    poetry add "narwhals[polars,pyarrow]"
    ```

> !!! warning "Library authors: prefer a dev dependency group"

Reviewer: I think we could be a bit more explicit about the problem in the title

what about something in the direction of:

```suggestion
!!! warning "Library authors: prefer keeping backends out of your direct dependencies"
```

    `uv add "narwhals[polars,pyarrow]"` adds the extras to `[project.dependencies]`.

    If you publish your project, **every consumer is then forced to install polars and
    pyarrow**, which defeats Narwhals' "support all, depend on none" design.

    If you're building a library (rather than an application), keep `narwhals` as your
    runtime dependency and pin the backends only for development:

    === "uv"

        ```terminal
        uv add narwhals

>         uv add --dev "narwhals[polars,pyarrow]"

Reviewer: nit: we could use this to make it more explicit
```suggestion
        uv add --group dev "narwhals[polars,pyarrow]"
```
